welcome to review recapped
today we will be showing you a dark
horror thriller movie named
pet cemetery
spoilers ahead
sit back and enjoy
the film starts showing a house on fire
we move to the house next door which has
a trail of muddy footprints leading up
to the door which has been stained with
blood
dr louis creed is driving his wife
rachel kids ellie and gage and ellie's
cat church from boston to their new home
in ludlow maine
once they arrive ellie starts admiring
the new home and goes around to explore
while louis goes to work at the
university hospital ellie and rachel
spot a group of children with creepy
animal masks orchestrating a procession
for the deceased dog of one of the kids
ellie wanders away from the house and
comes across the pet cemetery which she
notices is misspelled
as she tries to climb a pile of logs she
is stopped by the creed's new neighbor
judd crandall
ellie falls and gets stung by a bee
judd helps pull the stinger out and rub
dirt on it before rachel comes looking
for ellie
after meeting judd
he warns rachel that the area can be a
bit unsafe for kids
later that night louis has a talk with
ellie about death and the afterlife he
later talks to rachel about it and
affirms his belief that there is nothing
after death
at the hospital
a young man named victor pascal is
brought in after a hidden run
his face is horribly mutilated with his
brain exposed terrifying the nurses
louis does his best to revive pascal but
he dies
moments later pascal appears to revive
before louis and tell him something
about a barrier that must not be broken
a nurse comes in and louis thinks he was
just hallucinating but he is still
shaken for failing to save the man
the next day
ellie goes to bring a basket of cookies
to judd she walks into his house and is
found by him she sees a picture of his
late wife norma and asks about her judd
later has dinner with the creeds as
ellie shows off her ballet skills
later louis has a vision that pascal is
calling out to him
lou walks through a door and ends up in
the woods
pascal tells louie he is trying to help
him and then aggressively warns that the
ground is sour
louis is woken up by gage leading him to
think that he was just having a crazy
dream until he sees under his sheets to
find that his feet are covered in dirt
on halloween night judd calls louie to
come see something they find church dead
after being hit by a truck
they hide this from ellie to spare her
the heartbreak
louis tells rachel who tells him that
she feels she has been haunted since
moving in
since she was a child rachel has been
traumatized by the death of her sister
zelda who suffered from spinal
meningitis and would taunt rachel about
her ending up the same way one night the
girl's parents were out and rachel had
to feed zelda using the dumb waiter to
raise her foot up to her room even
though rachel was warned not to do so
since it gets stuck
sure enough it did just that and when
zelda tried to get her food she fell
down the shaft and rachel saw her
sister's mangled body it has left her
feeling guilty ever since and she
doesn't want ellie to go through a
similar feeling
louis goes with judd to bury church in
the pet cemetery but judd offers to help
louis so that ellie won't feel sad for
her loss
they climbed the log pile that ellie
tried to climb and walk further to a
burial ground where they placed church
the following morning louis and rachel
try to tell ellie that church ran away
but she tells him that he came back last
night and is in the closet to louie's
surprise she is correct although church
is clearly not the same
louis looks into the history of the
grounds while ellie tries to play with
church
she tries brushing his fur but notices
that it is knotted up and that he smells
bad
church then scratches ellie before
running off
later while louis and rachel try to get
intimate church brings a dead bird to
the bed and starts gnawing at its
stomach
louis later finds a drawing that ellie
says was made by gage which is of a man
being hit by a car and lying in a pool
of blood much like pascal
he then goes to talk to judd about
church returning judd tells him that the
grounds are said to contain an entity
known as the wendigo that can bring
things back from the dead but they won't
come back the same
louis then returns home to find church
engages crib after attacking and
frightening the poor boy louis attempts
to put down church but can't bring
himself to do so when the cat
momentarily appears to be his normal
sweet self
he instead brings church by the highway
and leaves him so that he can just tell
ellie that he ran away
the family throws a party for ellie's
ninth birthday but she is still missing
church
as the kids start playing ellie wanders
off when she sees church in the street
she walks up to him in the middle of the
road and gage walks over to follow louie
notices gage in the street and runs to
save him just as a truck heads their way
however the truck driver swerves to
avoid them but the tanker he is carrying
falls off and strikes ellie killing her
rachel breaks down while louis runs to
his daughter's body and utter
devastation
ellie is laid to rest and rachel is so
overcome with grief that she takes gauge
with her to stay at her parents house
judd later joins louie outside by a
campfire to grieve with him
judd feels that he is to blame for
ellie's death as he should have never
shown louis the burial grounds feeling
that there is a power to it that affects
those who go near it judd knows what
louis is thinking of doing but before he
can try and convince him to do otherwise
he drugs judd's drink and waits until he
passes out before heading out louie goes
to the cemetery and digs up ellie's body
then goes to bury her beyond the pet
cemetery
few hours later ellie returns alive to
her house and louis embraces her however
she now speaks with a monotone her eye
is disfigured from the accident and she
is able to remember the moments leading
up to her death
louis sleeps next to her now slightly
more unsettled
at rachel's parents house she is
continuously haunted by zelda seeing her
twisted body crawling toward her and
even having rachel take her form
meanwhile gage yells out pascal's name
apparently seeing him in visions as well
rachel tries to get in touch with louie
who manages to avoid telling her what he
did
she ends up deciding to take an early
trip back home after contacting judd to
say she hasn't been able to reach louie
at the same time ellie starts to grow
increasingly disturbing as she dances
around the living room but begins to
smash things in a rage judd goes to the
creed house to talk to louis where he
lies about not hearing from rachel and
he starts to look more and more insane
judd knows what he did and tells him
what he has to do now which ellie
overhears
judd goes back home to get his gun when
he hears something moving in the house
ellie sneaks up on him and severs his
achilles tendon now crippled judd tries
to go for his gun while ellie taunts him
and says he let norma die to drive the
night further she takes norma's
appearance to torment judd ali then
proceeds to stab him to death
rachel and gage return home
just as rachel goes to embrace louis
ellie walks in and horrifies her mother
knowing that this is not her daughter
she runs upstairs with gage
louie goes over to judd's house for help
but finds him dead
he runs back as rachel is lowering gauge
out the window to louis as ellie tries
to break in
she does so and stabs rachel in the
stomach
rachel tells ellie that her real
daughter is dead and ellie delivers the
fatal stab
she then drags rachel's body away
louis locks gage in the car and goes to
find ellie they find each other in the
woods and louis realizes he has to kill
ellie he tries to strangle her and then
kills her with a shovel
but he hesitates when she acts like her
old self again
before he can do it
louis is impaled through the chest by a
resurrected rachel
she and ellie then drag louie to the pet
cemetery
it is now morning
in the end we see the undead creeds have
burnt down judd's house
they walk up to the car with gage still
inside and church shows up to leap onto
the car
lou walks up to his son engage none the
wiser
unlocks the car
we hope you enjoy
subscribe and turn on notifications to
watch more movies like this and help us
grow